Update README (#1215)
DataDog/integrations-extras: redisenterprise/README.md

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-redisenterprise==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>
   ```

>   The latest version can be found on the [Datadog Integrations Release Page][12]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
  You can find the latest version on the [Datadog Integrations Release Page][12].
```

Author: Updated
